#Family website documentation
##Background
I come from a very wide extended family that is spread across the whole world. Growing up I only met a hand full of my relative and there were other relatives I only heard of through family stories. My father's side was the side of my family I had little information about, so to solve this problem I decided to gather both families and store all their information in one place that can be used by both of my family sides and more generations that will come after mine can also add to it or refer to it to better understand our family.
##Wireframes
Before creating my website i made wireframes to help me guide myself on how i was going to design my website and how i was going to lay out the different contents on the pages. the wiereframes also helped me decide on what colour schemes i was going to use that would co-ordinate with the background images i had choosen. they also help if i was to hand over my website to a novice they would still be able to crete my website based on the wireframes. 
##colour choice
colours have the ability to sway emotions and attitudes in people. when their eyes look at colours they communnicate with a region of the brain known as hypothalamus which in turn is passed on to other places which cause fluantuation in mood, emotion and resulting behavior. to help me choose the colors that would co-odinate together i used the coolors website which shows the colors that go well together in the same pallete. since i used a background of flowers for my Home page i used a flower image to generate colpor pallettes for me that would go with the background.  
##Accessibility
as seen by the w3c accessibility initiative, it is essential for developers to not exclude people from using their products and services. I made sure that my website met these standards, as seen in my family gallery I made sure that all the images have alternative text for their images. I also made sure that my website can be accessible on any device and any mobile web design elements by using breakpoints that are triggered for certain widths and lengths of the screen. I also made sure that the images are high quality that the text can be resized by the user. I also made sure that my forms had the appropriate labels for the form fields that were in the form. I also ensured to validate the information that would be put into the form fields, so that the users can know if they entered invalid data. 
##GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of personal information from individuals who live in the EU. Data protection is the fair and proper us of information about people. since most of the information on my website is made up of personal information of my family, a privacy policy is very vital as it lets them know why and how I will be using their information. the GDPR provides 8 individual rights for individuals which are\
the right to be informed about the collection and the use of their personal data\
the right of access to the information I will be collecting and purposes for processing their personal data\
the right of rectification for their personal data if it is wrong or they want to update it\
the right to erasure which means that when I no longer need their personal data, I should erase it\
the right to restrict processing which means that the individuals have the right to decline the use of their personal data\
the right to data portability means that the individuals can reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services\
the right to object which means that individuals can refuse to have their personal information used for direct marketing and\
the right in relation to automated decision making and profiling. 
##Distance Selling
the distance selling act is legal framework that ensures that controllers provide certain information to their consumers if they are purchasing these items either online or digital TV etc. However, since my website is not an e-commerce website, it does not conform to this act. 
##Evaluation
Overall, my website functions very well and meets all the criteria laid out in the assessment brief. it also helped me know my family much better than I did before creating it as in the process of gathering the information it brought out old stories and new ones I had not heard about my family from both sides. However, there were a few problems along the way, the first one was the background image, when applied to the background it stretched itself and lost its original quality. to solve their problem, I found a very high-quality image that would lose its original quality but however would look good and not too pixelated. I also then tested my website on other devices like my Samsung tablet to see if the quality of the content would be maintained and if the break point were working as they were supposed and the break points were working perfectly as the content would shift to fit the screen of the tablet. Most of my design choices were based on a blog like website for families which I researched before making my website.
